Update .NET Virtual User Group (#30)
dotnet-foundation/wg-outreach: virtual_meetup/readme.md

# .NET Virtual User Group

Are you a .NET developer or someone that is interested learning how to build apps across web, mobile, desktop, server and more with .NET? Join the [.NET Virtual User Group](https://www.meetup.com/dotnet-virtual-user-group/), where you can find .NET user groups around the globe that are hosting their events online that you can attend. 

## Browse Past Events

Don't worry if you can't attend an online meetup because we work with .NET user groups around the globe and have a [YouTube playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL1rZQsJPBU2S4_ZjpE20DJcPT8okkXPja) of past events that you can re-watch.

## Promote Your Online Event

Are you a .NET user group that is already hosting online meetups? Submit your next meetup to be promoted on the .NET Virtual User Group meetup page by filling out this [simple form](https://bit.ly/2OohRR2). We will add your event to the .NET Virtual User Group meetup page so developers around the globe get notified when your event is happening and can tune in! It is a great way to promote your user group's awesome presentations.

## Go Online with .NET Foundation

> Still looking to get your user group online but don't know where to start? Let the .NET Foundation take care of all of the streaming with our super simple user group hosting platform. Just [fillout the submittion form](https://bit.ly/2OohRR2) and request streaming support. The .NET Foundation will create a YouTube event that you can post for your attendees and assist you day of to make your user group a success!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Still looking to get your user group online but don't know where to start? Let the .NET Foundation take care of all of the streaming with our super simple user group hosting platform. Just [fill out the submittion form](https://bit.ly/2OohRR2) and request streaming support. The .NET Foundation will create a YouTube event that you can post for your attendees and assist you day of to make your user group a success!
```
